Half a million.
What a mad dog.
Fifty thousand was recovered.
This kind of orange diamond ring can only cost up to 100,000 yuan.
Such a generous purchase price for a car,
Maybe it has something to do with the Shaan family.
It turned out to be Mr. Zhao.
Mr. Zhao also came here to cause trouble. It must be here,
Linjiang Manufacturing Industry is really generous in its approach.
A divorce, saying that they didn't hook up in private,
Even I can't.
Listen to this, these two companies may cooperate.
Five hundred thousand can be negotiated with Linjiang Prefecture.
And he can also please Xiao Jianshan
I heard that the Xiao family is behind this
And the Jiang family’s support
Five hundred thousand dollars can help you get involved with the Jiang family.
I think there is a case except Mr. Zhao
No one is participating in the compensation competition, right?
Five hundred thousand once
vote for this
Five hundred thousand twice
No one competes with the Xiao family
Five hundred thousand three times
Five hundred thousand and one hundred
This lady is fifty thousand and one hundred and it’s you again
510,000
Five hundred and one thousand and one hundred you
What's going on?
This is better
You're looking for trouble. Six hundred, six hundred and one hundred thousand.
600,010 sold
This diamond ring
Belong to this one
lady in white dress
A total of six hundred thousand and one hundred
Supports cash and check transactions
You still have to pay